Some proposed editorial improvements from Ben Kaduk (#184)
tlswg/dtls13-spec: draft-ietf-tls-dtls13.md

to update their CIDs and those values are exchanged with confidentiality
protection.

  * The ability to use multiple CIDs allows for improved privacy properties
in multi-homed scenarios. When only a single CID in use on multiple

> paths from such a host, an adversary is able to correlate the communication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
paths from such a host, an adversary can correlate the communication
```

> in multi-homed scenarios. When only a single CID in use on multiple

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When only a single CID is in use on multiple
```

> in multi-homed scenarios. When only a single CID in use on multiple

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in multi-homed scenarios. When only a single CID is in use on multiple
```

> interaction over the two paths, which adds further privacy concerns. In order

Reviewer: Unrelated, but I think this matches "multiple" better.

```suggestion
interaction across paths, which adds further privacy concerns. In order
```

to prevent this, implementations SHOULD attempt to use fresh CIDs
whenever they change local addresses or ports (though this is not always
possible to detect). The RequestConnectionId message can be used by a peer
to ask for new CIDs to ensure that a pool of suitable CIDs is available.

  * The mechanism for encrypting sequence numbers ({{rne}}) prevents
trivial tracking by on-path adversaries that attempt to correlate the
pattern of sequence numbers received on different paths; such tracking
could occur even when different CIDs are used on each path, in the

> absence of sequence number encryption. Switching CID based on certain

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
absence of sequence number encryption. Switching CIDs based on certain
```

events, or even regularly, helps against tracking by on-path
adversaries.  Note that sequence number encryption is used for all
encrypted DTLS 1.3 records irrespective of whether a CID is used or

> not.  Unlike the sequence number, the epoch is not encrypted, which

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
not.  Unlike the sequence number, the epoch is not encrypted because it acts as a key identifier, which
```
